Add more video courses links in FAQ (#5490)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/faq/200-are-there-any-video-courses.md

There are also a number of third-party courses:

- [Egghead](https://egghead.io/browse/frameworks/svelte)

> - [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/courses/search/?q=sveltejs+svelte) Note: Udemy frequently has discounts over 90%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/courses/search/?q=sveltejs+svelte) (Note: Udemy frequently has discounts over 90%)
```

- [Pluralsight](https://www.pluralsight.com/search?q=svelte)

> Here are also Youtube channels or playlists that teach Svelte:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, there are also YouTube channels and playlists that teach Svelte:
```
